We've got a good start to our exploration service.
Now, in this video, we're going to create a Docker image out of this project.
We're going to push that image off to Docker Hub.
We'll then create a couple of different Kubernetes config files to make sure we load this thing up as
a deployment into our cluster and also create an instance of the readiness in-memory database as well.
That's a lot of fancy terminology, so let's just start writing some code.
All right.
So back at my terminal again, inside of exploration, we'll first build a Docker image with Docker
build.
I'm going to tag it with my Docker ID slash expiration.
And then don't forget the dot on the very end.
That will take just a moment or two.
So I'm just going to let it do its thing.
And then once that is all complete, once again, we're going to make sure we push this off to Docker
Hub.
Image build is all complete.
So after that is all done, I'll do a Docker push.
My Docker ID expiration.
That's going to take a moment or two to push off.
So while that's occurring, I'm going to go back over to my editor.
We're going to find our infra directory.
Inside of there is K.
And once again, we're going to create a config file or expiration and create a separate one for our
Redis instance as well.
We'll first start off with the red instance.
Now all the set up for this reddest stuff.
Even if you're not familiar with Redis, it really is going to be just about identical to what we did
for the Mongo deployments.
So inside of K Eights, I'm going to make a new file of expiration dash, redis dash, double html.
And then going to go into any of the different MongoDB deployment files.
I'm just going to copy everything inside there.
And take it over to the new list deployment file that we just created.
Well, then go through this thing.
So inside of expiration red devil and we'll change a couple of different properties.
First we'll change the name.
So instead of Mongo deployment, we're going to change that once, twice, three times, four times
over to expiration dash redis.
So make sure you now see four times in a row expiration.
Inside of our listing of containers.
Naturally, we do not want to run MongoDB.
Instead, we want to run a copy of Redis.
So I'll just replace it with the image redness.
This is an actual name of an image, and if you wanted to, you could hop over to Docker Hub.
Let's just do it for fun really quickly.
So HubSpot, Docker, and then we can do a quick search.
Or us.
And that is the image that we are specifying.
Now to connect to that reticence, since we do still need to have a cluster IP service.
So we'll go down just a little bit and we'll change the name of this service from off Mongo service
over to expiration Redis CRV.
And we'll update that selector as well to expiration us.
Well then update the port.
So port 2701 seven is a port used by MongoDB red instead uses by default port 6379.
So we'll update both these 26379 and 6379.
Okay.
So that is it for our reddest deployment file?
Yep.
Not the worst thing in the world.
Naturally, this is a very simplistic deployment of lettuce.
There's definitely many more options we could throw in here.
But right now, as we're just getting started with this expiration service, this is good enough.
So I'm going to save this.
Close it out.
And then we'll create a second config file.
And we'll name this one.
Expiration.
Dash Depot html.
And as you could guess, we're going to throw our deployment for the actual image inside of here.
Once again, just about everything is going to be identical to the ticket's deployment.
So we'll do another little copy paste.
I'm going to find the tickets deployment file.
Copy everything inside of there.
Paste it inside of the expiration file that we just created, and we'll go through and update a couple
of different properties.
So once again, I'm going to do a little multi select.
I'm going to change tickets once, twice, three or five, so five times.
Over to expiration.
Well, then take a look at the environment section.
Still want to have our Nat's client ID still want to nats irl.
Still want a cluster id, but we do not need a mongo URI and we also do not need a JSON web token key
either.
We are going to add in, however, one additional environment variable.
We're going to add in something that's going to tell our expiration deployment how to connect to Redis.
So we're going to put in a new environment variable here with the name of Redis underscore host.
And then a value of the hostname for the server that we want to connect to, to connect to Redis.
Well, we're just going to specify the service name that we had just written out inside of the expiration
readiness deployment file.
So the hostname or the service name that we want to connect to is expiration red SRB.
So inside of our expiration deployment file for the environment variable named Redis host, we'll put
in expiration Redis SRB.
Okay.
So that's it for the actual deployment.
We'll then go down to the cluster IP service and once again we'll update this thing just a little bit.
We're going to change this to a name of exploration CRV.
A selector of exploration.
And then what ports do we care about here?
Oh, wait a minute.
We don't care about any ports whatsoever.
Turns out that this service is not going to be contacted by any other part of our application directly
anyways.
We're also not going to have any network requests going directly to the expiration service or anything
like that.
So in this scenario, we actually do not need a cluster IP service or expiration at all so we can delete
this entire section.
And the three little dashes right above it.
All we really care about in this case is creating the exploration pod that's going to be running the
exploration container and that thing is going to communicate with everything else asynchronously through
that streaming server.
So in this case, just a deployment.
Nothing else.
So I'm going to save this.
Close it out.
And then finally, let's go back over to our terminal and take a look at scaffold and see how it is
doing.
So back over at scaffold.
It looks like my deployment was just created and if I look a little bit above that, it looks like the
reddest deployment and the expiration reddest service was created as well.
I don't really see any feedback from anything inside of here.
That could be scaffold is just kind of stalled out, so I could always restart scaffold manually.
But first I'm just going to do a quick cube.
It'll get pods.
And see if I can see my expiration stuff running.
So when I do a get pods, I see the deployment running right there.
I also see the reddest server running as well.
It looks like for me everything is good to go now at this time.
Incredibly possible that some pod is stuck.
Without a doubt.
In particular, if you just saved the expiration deployment file before you had finished pushing your
Docker image up to Docker hub, you might be seeing an error saying something like error image pull
or something like that.
If you see any errors like that whatsoever, no problem.
I would encourage you to just restart scaffold.
That's pretty much it.
Once you've got everything up and running, we'll take a quick pause, come back and then start working
on our actual exploration service in just a moment.